# August
2020-08-01
Sobota

You can't change how you feel. But. 
1) You can change your actions in response to those feelings. 
2) You can change the environment that lead to those feelings. 
3) You can change the narrative in your head.

Don't feel bad for decisions that upset others
You are not responsible for their happiness. You are only responsible for yours

You are not a tree. If you are not happy in your current situation, move.
Growth is painful, change is painful. 
Nothing is more painful than staying on place where you dont belong

2020-08-02
Nedeľa

Get the right tools
Engineer
Reflect
Bend the reality
Connect with places. Connect with people
Match the colors
Find hidden beauty
Understand what you are
See from a side
Support your people
Confront the ugly
Empathize
Explore
Play
Annoy everyone with new ideas
Breath. Witness. Go around
Be present. Feel it.
Stay curious
See it grow
Turn the pages
Find the best
Keep on talking. Keep on wondering
Change
Ask questions
Make them think. Make them laugh. Appreciate the mastery.
Check what's inside
Give everyone the best tools you have
Share dreams
Appreciate what you got
Find the locks.
Find the crossings
Tap into smartness you meet
Start with Why
Frame. Flip the perspective
Find the hole
Light up the brain
Question the answers
Learn from the best
Start from all over
See if it sticks
Fake it
Make it
Fail it
Let it be
See them solving the problems. See them brave
See them shining
Appreciate
Resist
Find your pros
See the power
See all the pieces
Aspire
Keep reflecting
Go all in. Ride on the top
Find serenity
Disconnect for a while. See passing it by.
Come back with the rain
--ilya

Queen
Bring your enemies close
-Nationalist leader to teach prince Charles Welsh
-antimonarchist journalist to interview Queen - there are more kayak people who would do it - get enemies work for you and additionally you weaken the resistance

Like anything in life
If we do something for long enough, we become it


Working backwards - the way of the unicorn

Karamelové mlieko

He opened up my thinking.
I told him about my dream - being a chef. He told me you already are. But there is a big responsibility upon you. 
You need to make it world famous

We needed to make things easier - that's where innovation comes from. We bought machines to cut preparation time from 10 hours to 2.
We need to combine innovation to continue tradition
After they saw quality remains the same, they trusted us
Find a way to Ramin tradition through improving methods

Foundlost
-never set goal to launch expedition
-you need to set goal to fully book
-this forces you to think where to find customers and how to engage them

Warren Buffet is good at doing nothing
Wait for opportunity and then bet in.
Stock market is a device to transfer money from the impatient to the patient

Spirituality
-we are focused on physical side of things
When someone gets hurt, received many cards, flowers and wishes for early recovery. When someone goes through mental problem, no one writes card no one sends flowers.
We have the best hospitals to explore root causes, but on psychological problems, depressions - we say you should smile more, just try to become more positive.
Doesn't bleed , doesn't exist.
We care about our bodies but overlook our spirits
--
We know what makes us physically strong
I want to explore how to become mentally strong
I don't have answers yet, but want to find them. It's about getting to know myself better
That's where it starts
--
If you ignore the noise of daily life, abstract what you can see, add trajectories to points connecting past with present and projecting future, ...
you will see a whole different world
Amazing how the noisy one and the deeper one can co-exist
There are things in life which are more meaningful - what they are? How to focus on them better? How to treat them?
--
Prayer and reflection may be such tools for focus
##

2020-08-04
Utorok.

Stop – Think for a second.
What are you doing this for?
THIS.
Why are you doing this?
THIS.
Does it matter you are doing this?
THIS.
Keep asking.

Wan Chai - visa extension not as smooth as I thought

Forex.
I implemented stop signals in my trades - worked well - all my trades this week hit it.
Lost 100 eye so far.
However, by aiming at 2:1 and more reward risk ratio, loss will be returned by next successful trade

Llm
Marketing lead
-ask on marketing mission, gave complex answer - basically told why he is irreplaceable
-leader would give answer so simple that it would sound like everybody can do it. Leadership is about creating leaders, not followers. Empowering others won't make you useless. It helps you focus on high value problems
-what is product mission then? We solve people problems. We start with people who use the product. Asking what they are trying to achieve and what we can do
We're thinking how we can use technology to solve problems in the simplest way possible.
You can come with simple solutions only if you understand problem and what's important for person you're helping.
Overcomplicate things is easy
Design is a visual part of solving problem. You give ideas shapes and testing if they work as you thought
We believe design is not responsibility of titles. We want to empower everyone. We talk how we think, how we work and enable others to look for solutions they need

2020-08-05
Streda

Research shows strategic mindsets are primed to push through problems because they constantly - if consciously - think about how to improve
--how else I can do this?
--is there a better way?
--how can I help myself here?
Excellence in meeting goals - at work, gym, classroom.

Ka Wai.
-in my room everybody is clean.x

Independence
When you do what you said you're going to do
Many of us can't do that.
A selling point as human

Forex
Investing is a long term game
Market -stock, forex, crypto - doesn't generate money. It connects buyers and sellers - and it transfers money from bad traders to the good.

Mám. Btc mám v troch mešcoch. Krátkodobý, strednodobý a dlhodobý. Na každý mešec mam target price za ktorú predám. Na strednodobý a dlhodobý vôbec nešahám
Do dlhodobého mešca som kupoval 5 rokov dozadu. Vtedy som mal zvyk že 10 percent z výplaty išlo do krypta. Naňho vôbec nešahám a ani neviem koľko v ňom je. O strednodobom viem koľko v ňom je ale držím ho bokom a do l krátkodobého kupujem keď mám voľny cash a cena je priaznivá

Do žiadnej investície nikdy nechoď s vidinou rýchleho zbohatnutia. Vždy je do beh na dlhú trať a pokiaľ nemáš disciplínu tak zakaždým spanikaris keď sa výraznejšie pohne cena a predas skôr než stihneš zbohatnúť

Vysádzať na alternatívne kryptomeny je stratégia, ktorá môže fungovať jednorázovo, ale stabilne ju opakovať je nemožné
Začni radšej tým, že zlepšis svoje rozhodnutia. Chyby nikdy nevylúčiš, ale vieš ich výrazne znížiť
Len tak si dlhodobo vytvoria ziskovosť, navyše sa pritom naučíš oddeliť emócie od rozhodovania a lepšie dokážeš kontrolovať svoje činy, čo môžeš preniesť aj do iných oblastí v živote

Len hovorím, že máš stratégiu, ktorá nemôže fungovať z dvoch dôvodov
Za prvé, zameriavaš sa na príležitosti, ktoré sa vyskytujú niekoľkokrát za 5 rokov. Pritom trh ponuka každý deň mnoho menších príležitosti, ktoré sú ďaleko predvidatelnejsie
Za druhé, keby si aj taku objavil, tvoja vlastná psychológia ti zabráni, aby si na nej zarobil. Lebo keď cena ide raktovo hore, stratégia ťa bude nútiť, aby si predal čo najneskôr. Lenže ak predas so ziskom 5x a cena vyskočí na 10x, budeš si trieskať hlavu o stenu, že si predal priskoro. Keď budeš čakať na 20x a cena vyjde len na 10x, budeš si nadávať, že si bol pažravec pažravý a nemáš nič. Čiže v podstate kedykoľvek predas, takmer vždy budeš nespokojný

FOCUS on winning the war, not winning the battle
-
Bother require different strategies.
-
My tinder goal - find high quality relationship
Not by increasing chances but limiting options
-
Me on tinder
-never rushed. I knew most of the conversations are pointless. I checked tinder once a day. I never met anyone earlier than in month. I was living my life and had tinder under control instead of letting it control myself.
Rare activity caused that number of girls self-selected only to those who were really interested in me
-my profile was very brief and unambiguous. A fuzzy profile photos and only a few pieces of information to convey who I am and what I do. Wasn't much to see but enough to tease on my story for those who were interested.
Same purpose: filter out girls with low interest
--
Both worked well. I met 6-7 girls but one of them is a girl I am going to merry
>
There are people who are busy dating, choosing a partner from people of low quality and end up in relationships they don't like.

When you get problem, ask what you need to win the war, not battle

Forex. Market analysis
I am looking for signals telling me to enter the trade with high success probability

Ka Wai
I don't want to be like her.
She is bored. She needs goal. Need to accomplish something.
When I am feeling bad, I look for entertainment. I watch, I read, or I sleep.
She couldn't repurpose her life. She took care of family but now family doesn't need her. Husband left and children are grown up.x
-
-You are not allowed to kiss me. Lotso Sivak, can Fišky give me kiss? 
-yes. In a month.x

2020-08-20
Melanie
Last day.
Na rozkucku mi dala kolac a list s oslocenim Hi Billionare to be
-
On Friday you reminded me the power of the letter. We may be in the middle of rush but when we focus on what's on the letter, all the noise gets quiet for a moment.
-
Made me realise the power of letters. 
It's a perfect place to express very deep personal thoughts
In everyday life we are too busy to listen and to express ourselves as we would like. 
Giving letter means these words are for you - no matter how busy we are, all nosie around us pauses for a moment and we focus on whats on the letter
-
Pancakes - you know there was a time when I cooked pancakes every day, chipping out ingredients and flavors, perfecting the recipe
The cake you gave me - combines two of my favorite cakes. Besides pancakes it reminds me a Slovak cake I like - krémeš.
A thick layer of cream sandwiched in wafers that taste axactleˇy the same
-
-
Give scenarios to think about same problems in different context
-
*Problem with Bill - wj´hen restaurant messes up my order, problem is on order level, not item level - I won't pay until gets resolved*
-
*Be passionate about ideas*
-
-
But what's more important
Never settled with good and always pushed my to raise standard. This is a trait that I value the most
-
Made me to see other perspectives and guide me to explore new ideas
-
That's why I enjoyed working wiyˇth you
-
As naturally unorganized person I admired how you handled chaotic situations which surrounded you permanently and I learned to become more structured erdon in work and thinking
-
But what's more important,
It was great year with you and I always enjoy working with you. Hope, there will be new opportunities for that in future

Farewell Melanie
Food, drinks, games
-
Pri rozlúčke som ju objal. Na moment na nej bolo vidno dojatie.
Spýtala sa neisto, či sa vidíme. S úsmevom som povedal, jasna vec.
-
Podobné momenty si dopodrobna značím.

Pôvodne sme mali ísť na kávu, potom na prechádzku a nakoniec z toho zišlo
Navrhla kávu v YL

Keď niekto, koho si vážim mení džob, chcem, aby si ma pamätal.
Tri dni po odchode napíšem správu. Draft si navrhnem v posledný deň kedy je ten človek v práci, kedy sú zážitky najsilnejšie.

Pred odchodom spomeniem Foundlost
-jednak si testujem záujem a príležitosť, pracovať znovu
-ukazalo sa mi, že zároveň to na ľudí zapôsobí tak, že na ˇna zmení pohľad

Hey Kogi, how's life in Sg.
It would be great to catch up for dinner again

Llm
People and culture
-truly care about customer - not only about transactions 
-never settle with good - push for the highest standard - iyˇf it's not worth for you, don't even do it
--think long term and build long term. Plan to win a war, not the next battle
--
/ I need these principles from people I work with to do the best of my work
This is what Makes me motivatef
-question these principles

Forex - tento týždeň
Testoval som stop signál
Market bol consolidating but I applied my strategy for trending - was waiting to break resistance CE levels what didn't happen
And I confidently expected market will consolidate

Lepší je víno nežli voda

2020-08-08
Why should a man climb Everest?
Because it is there.

Don't solve isolated problems. Use your brain to transfer your solution to fix 20 of other problem, or at least to80 percent of the work
That's how you think of you want to win a war, not just a battle

-foundlost - I didn't just build the site. I created a block driven architecture which helps us build any page in future very quickly. Predefined blocks who are wired together. 
Iterations are on block level, not on page level. Each block has purpose - If we find a better wat´y to solve problem, we update block. If we may test ideas by building alternative blocks and replacing old ones.
When I worked on expedition prelaunch page, I built layout which can be used for any event in time, such as webinar, school talk, q&a

Insist on hishest standards
Its not an excuse, it's your problem 

2020-08-09
Nedeľa

Šunka, rajčiny, rukola, celozrnný chleba

Rooftop video message for CH

Shopping - came with 40 pounds of stuff

2020-08-10

10 YEARS IN NUTSHELL

After I graduated I started my first job. Soon I realised this is not something I want to do for the rest of my life.
I didn't know what I want but I knew what I don't want.
I thought that the only way to buy freedom is to start own business.
I had many ideas and I started building apps and games.
The work gave me work-life balance which gave me enough time launching new ideas. I found myself passionate about *creating something* that didn't exist before, or wasn't done by me.
Some of them were successful and rest of them failed.
When any of the product became successful and I made money on that, I found *it's hard to replicate success*.
When I followed the same path to replicate, the latter attempts always failed.
I think that the only thing that increased its chances for success was that I did it and launched it. I didn't notice anything else determining success.
However, I believed there must be *more structured approach to make things successful*, or at least to increase its chances.
This deepened my interest in design and solving problems. It took me more time to learn it's not about me, it's about people who will use it.
I remotely joined a startup based in Hong Kong. Later I had an opportunity to switch to full time and relocate to Hong Kong. So I tried.
We raised a lot of cash and for 2 years we were building an incredibly complex product that was so hard to use that no one wanted to try, not even buy.
After company shut down I was feeling devastated. I joined as employee no.1 and I thought this is my ticket to freedom. I didn't see warning signs and I didn't admit before that anything may go different.
Then I didn't do anything for months and I was burning cash I saved. 
I realised I cannot live like this when my account balance got lower than 100 eur. A friend bought me a flight ticket from his pocket and I returned to Slovakia.
The most generous favours I received in my life came unexpectedly and from people closest around me. These bonds were tested by situations that wouldn't give them a chance to survive if the world was rational.
In Slovakia I started working on some business ideas but I needed to look for new sources of cash.
I started freelancing because I didn't have any option. It was something I couldn't imagine myself doing. Design work took only fraction of my time. For the rest I needed to manage time of myself and the client, plan the work, make decisions. I needed to be my accountant, sales rep, lawyer.
My results were better than I thought and I found myself handling things that freaked me in the beginning.
*Since then I started looking for opportunities that seemed scary at the first moment.*
When there was a volunteer needed, I raised my hand.
When there was a skill needed to learn that repelled everyone else, I said I'm in.
If there was a challenge in something, I was attracted.
I worked with clients from Hong Kong and when I had a chance to visit a client I came to Hong Kong again and I didn't leave.
I knew that Slovakia cannot offer me the same opportunities as Hong Kong. You can choose at which poker table you want to play your game. 
*I think if place where you currently are limits you in achieving your goals, it's ok to move to a place which offers you more opportunities.* Otherwise you may end up suffering living life you don't want.
I hope I can give back to my country, but it makes more sense for me to focus on staying on my track and seeing what sideeffects it generates. A King can offer bigger help than a Shepard.
I got to the point I wanted to move on from freelancing. I joined a large tech company.
I thought corporates are slow at anything and hesitate to change. However, it was a place I didn't want to see myself at, so I wanted to give it a try.
I saw large teams and the *potential of such manpower was explosive if it was used well.* 
I realised that many companies care about their customers only at the moments when they bring them money. Anything else from transactions is seen as operating expense which should be minimized. 
I think they would build much better products if they saw their customers in much bigger picture and truly wanted to help them.
I also found people getting busy by trying to fix 50 critical problems concurrently. I wonder how could a chef prepare so many different dishes while maintaing the quality bar for each plate being served? 
I think if they left everything as it is and worked super hard on 1-2 things where they are strongest, outcomes would outweight fractional improvements from fixing those 50 problems.
I realised that the simplest things are hardest to change. Smokers want to stop smoking and start living healthier. But they never take an action. Many companies say they want to innovate and then they return to their day-to-day tasks where they feel safe and which never change.
As simple as this may sound, I think many would say these are ideals that have no place in everyday work. I believe your universe can be robust and simple at the same time. *You can create your universe,* but you cannot create it everywhere and not everyone can be part of it.
I realised that my passion about work is always inhibited by people who surround me. I started to look for people who share the same views.
I realised whether idea receives support and gets executed purely depends from culture. The most exciting teams I have ever worked with are characterised by *deep trust and conflicts* that push everyone to raise standards to the new highests which seemed impossible - very often -  a week ago.



Ka Wai
-Fashion show starts soon and tickets are running out. Who wants to see me?
-No one. We are going to sleep.x


Good texts generate reactions.
Plain texts leave nothing

Lotso Sivak
Mr Tsai received his knowledge from the ancient wisdom of Chinese medicine.
He's wearing a hat of the Chinese medicine masters which shows his seniority and gains respect in community.
He investigated root point causing the pain. He will use his herbs which are carried by his apprentice and apply them in a special procedure.
The only reward he accepts is when his patient feels relief.x

2020-08-11
What do you want to achieve in 3 months?

K ux som sa zacal postupne dostavat cez vysku. Mal som napady a bavilo ma vytvarat nove veci. Robil som hry a appky, niektore uspeli a zvysok pohorel. Zistil som, ze pravit mozem v podstate cokolvek, ale samo o sebe to nezaruci uspech. Tak som sa na to zacal pozerat z opacnej strany, z pohladu cloveka, co to pouziva

Working from home.x

Freezing beer as afternoon tea.x

Duck breast and pasta with tomato sauce

Super intense excercise session.x

Prima, I saw.. gong hei and hope you had a good time

2920-08-12
Streda.

Nina
Hľadala som si prácu ale nie podľa pozícii ale podľa firiem, lebo som sa naučila, že môžeš mať super pozíciu v zlej firme a nebudeš šťastný.
Kontaktovala som firmy ktoré mi boli sympatické...poslala som CV a spýtala sa, či nehľadajú aj na inú pozíciu, na ktorú by som sa hodila

Dane.
Najjednoduchší spôsob ako sa dostať k peniazom - jednoducho ich zobrať od ľudí.
Tí, čo zarábajú najviac, podstupujú najväčšie riziko, a preto sú najviac motivovaní odchádzať.
Ak dane znížiš na minimum, dosiahne sa opačný opak a do krajiny ti pritečie kapitál. 
Čím viac kapitálu sa akumuje, tým viac krajina bohatne.
Ťahať peniaze z ľudí je jednoducho nefér a správne je hľadať iné spôsoby, ako prísť k peniazom. 
Sú zložitejšie, ale ak sa dosiahnu, ľuďom ostanú peniaze, ktoré im patria a z ktorých môžu rozvíjať ekonomiku, takže do nej nemusí zasahovať vláda a zbytočne ju regulovať.
Hong Kong ťaží zo svojej hustoty. Je to jedno z najhustejšie osídlených miest na planéte. S rastúcou atraktivitou miesta stúpa jeho cena a pokiaľ všetku pôdu vlastní vláda, vytvorí si také zdroje peňazí, že ostatné dane môže znížiť takmer na nulu.

Čiže ak niekto hovorí, že dane sú potrebné, lebo vytvárajú príjem pre vládu, len nechce hľadať kreatívne spôsoby, ako by sa vláda dokázala zabezpečiť.

Closer
Chris raimsed the stakes. Publicly anmounced he's moving to Closer and won't use Facebook and Instagram.x

Pumpkin soup

Llm
Working with Mattia on driver match quality - tracking and improving

2020-08-13
Štvrtok.

Catch-up s CH
-never going to be employed again
Working for salary is not worth of my time
Starting consulting business
We are all generalists, for specific skills we will search in our network
This gives me freedom. I can control my tiˇe. Either for work or for meaningful personal things. I work harder but I work less
--very determined. Knows his price
Going to take two weeks off. I have been working for a year

Shalotte kiss? No!
-
Lotso Sivak, do you want shallow kiss?
No Šašak.x

2020-08-14
Piatok.

Values

Marrige - committing to the long-term harder choice rather than short term easier one

Preservance - most important value - never give up unless things prove dangerous or unnecessary

Nothing great comes easy and most things worth pursuing require partnership and collaboration.

Chris.x

Restaurants happen in clusters and then people say, "Let's go out to eat" and even if they don't know where they want to eat they go to the area where all the restaurants are. 
If the restaurants are no longer clustered, fewer people go out to eat

2029-08-15
Sobota

6:36 - Sat 15 Aug 1997 
Poolside FM
The brightest site on the internet

-Your id card has a simple number
-You know, I asked for a memorable number.
-That's bullshut. Hong Kong government never listened to people

Listening to the poolside at the pool (šašky´s kingdom) chilling with my Long island (Kozel) and enjoying work on my Macintosh.

Believing that something is already good enough is a point where companies start to die
Never settle with good, strive for better - never rest

Marco
You are the man with strong opinions on solving people's problems and on how a good bread should taste like.
Keep it on - stay curious and fight for right things
So long,

Thanks Rupert for comment.
I have made some progress on that, will get back to you when I have more to share

Sovietsky zväz zanikol. To je osud všetkého, čo je radikálne nerealistické.

2020-08-16
Nedeľa

Pizza Ecpress.x

Apartment hunting afternoon.x

Many Hong Kong people know Slovakia because of football
Those who watch it can remember some Slovak players.x

Thank for sharing ˇore, I would like to give you answer but I need more details to understand what payments are you referring to.
Can you give more details on dates and amounr´ts?

2020-08-17
Pondelok

Invest rather than save
Our financial system punished savers and rewards investors
This is done by systematic devaluation of money. If you save, your money value less. If you invest, your assets become more valuable

Create multiple streams of income
You become less vulnerable. You want active and passive incomes. Make money to grow money

Be disciplined.
Everybody wants to get rich quick and easy. A few are willing to get rich for sure. Be unemotional and leverage compound interest. *Do hard things to get am easy life.*

Everyone has different starting position in life
Some are wealthy and some are poor
Some are fortunate, others are not
When you understand the game of money, you can *do what rich people do.* They don't save. They invest

Hey Chris, I would like to discuss updates on rgs project

2020-08-18

-Shout-out to my basic School sports teacher who said I am too week to run
>>Completing a marathon

Tajfún.
Prišiel rýchlo, ráno som ani nevedel, že bude pršať.

2020-08-19
Typhoon 9

Ka Wai.
Life in Stinky Kingdom.
-
When I came to Hong Kong, I brought 2 suitcases with my ˇost necessary belongings.
I found myself happy about that.
The more things we own, the more effort we need to take to maintain them, the more duties they give us. Tiny responsibilities can accumulate and hijack our life.
It's easy to buy new things but hard to reduce.
I am keeping myself disciplined in habit of being minimalist about things I have.
All ˇy belongings shouldn't need more than 3 suitcases to be put into. If I buy a new piece of clothes, I need to recycle an old one.
I stopped buying paper books

One of my favorite things about myself is I have never read Harry Potter book.

I also never read a book

Wfh
Typhoon outside, I am listening Poolside FM, chilling with coffee and doinfˇg some work on my Macintosh.

We will have pandemic wedding.
Everybody will wear mask
Happens once in 100 years.
Last time 1920 - Spanish flu

Thick soup - pumpkin and rosemary are a great match

Visa
Add date of submission
-
Letter to explain the situation and why submitting too late
--
I work for 5 years, currently as product designer in a Hong Kong based tech company with a global reach. 
My role is to ...
Due to the latest pandemic measures I wasn't able to submit my application without making an appointment. 
I wasn't able to make an appointment tˇdue to the errors returned to me by booking system.
I consulted my situation with Honorary Consulatw of Slivak Republic in hK and Slovak embassy in Beijing and was advised to ...

2020-08-20

Lalamove
Derek, self edit
-
Never start your idea by testing it on edge cases - people with catch on that and will keep thinking on problems that don't exit
Start with the bissgest cases - knowledge of edge cases will show you understand the topic

Alistair
Long time from our last coffee
Would you be interested to catch up again?
--
- Assign priority easily
- Describe other problems impacted

What did Nemtsov do together the honours of an upgrade to being shot on the bridge?

We don't do propaganda so you believe something. We do it soyou believe nothing. And most importantly do nothing

Propaganda 101: accuse your enemy of that which you are guilty

2020-08-21
Piatok. 
Warshaw Pact is the only mutual defence alliance in history that repeatedly invade itself

We tend to overcomplicate things.
Over time we find ourselves ever engineering details and simple things become robust monsters. What is supposed to give us joy sucks our energy and time.
I found that things that make me happy do so, because I keep them simple
-photography: checking Instagram 2x a day a and spend 30mins a week editing photos to make sure there is enough in pipeline
I used to spend every possible moment analysing any interaction and hours per day trying to perfect the photos. 
-forex: I shifted my analysis from hourly frames to daily. My process become more structured and effective. Now know exactly to look for to enter trade.
I used to focus on instant opportunities, where I made profits in a few mins. I couldn't see big picture and made lot of wrong decisions due to high level of unpredictability.
Daily charts are more predictable, analysis can be performed less times during the day and less effort generates 5-10x more income.
-relationship: I found I can get more out of relationships when time is a constraint. Time spend is more meaningful and interactions are more engaging.
-foundlost, closer: if I had all my time to work on that I wouldn't tˇdo any work.
If found myself most productive and the most enjoying it when I have only few hours per week to put into that. The greatest work happens and excitement can be transfered to other areas in life
---
When you control the time, you control the outcomes. When you focus on activity, you will overcomplicate and thing will control you.

Learning and practising about breathing.
Found myself unable to concentrate on more meaningful things.
Religion teaches us that there are more meaningful things in life. I couldn't see them.
Started learning more about ancient Chinese philosophy and spirituality.
Dicsovered breathing as a way to cultivate mind.

Going to buy a book about breathing - 700 pages about something what we do everyday and has potential to improve our mental and physical health if done well.

Ka Wai. 
-Lotso Sivak, I hoped you can solve the problem but you made it even worse.x

Llm
Work
Challenge and impact ok
You don't feel same excitement as when it's your project and you are the owner

Khrushchev told to Kennedy if US changes Soviet position in Berin, USSR must respond and it will. It's up to the US to decide whether there will be war or peace.
-The Mr. Chairman, there will be war. It will be a cold winter.

Learn to protect people and things that matter to you.
Let haters talk as long as they don't mess with you and your loved ones

Never reveal too much about yourself and your personal life

When you are being scolded by outraged person on higher rank, don't respond on force with force
Listen. Control yourself, stay quiet for as long as it needs. No matter what you are being told
Say Im sorry I won't let this happen again and walk away.
Trick - rage will lead to guilt and guilt to apology. Staying cool will give you respect
Keep calm and endure. Silence is a tactic, not weakness
-come to them and explain when they are calm. Arguing with someone in rage will never be in your favor

Čo je Petrodolár
Akú výhodu vytvára dolár pre USA
OPEC predáva ropu výhradne za dolár.
Bez ropy sa mi celá ekonomika zrúti.
Na to aby som mohol kúpiť ropu, potrebujem doláre. 
Na to, aby som sa k nim dostal, musí mi ich niekto dať.
Na to, aby mi ich niekto dal, musím vytvoriť protihodnotu.
Doláre môžem dostať buď od USA alebo niektorých ich kamarátov, ktorí ich síce majú menej, ale sú ochotní sa baviť o deale.
Prídem za niekým z nich. O moju menu nemá záujem, ale vie, na čo potrebujem doláre. 
Postupne sa vytvára reťaz nerovných podmienok a závislosti.
Ropa má veľký význam na exporte amerického vplyvu.
Ak som jeden z tých, čo ma dosť dolárov, môžem ich resellovať tým, ktorí ich potrebujú. Takto si vytvorím reťaz štátov, ktoré závisia na mne. Pohľad na systém závisí od toho, na ktorej strane človek sedí.
Častokrát má aj malá krajina veľký vplyv.

Llm
Used visual studio code for building a website
I am so impressed
-sounds fast, so easy to use
-makeˇing complex thing with a clicks
-suoer automated, designed for speed
Can't believe how crappy are the tools I have been using
-
Microsoft is investing into their Dev community a lot.
By providing the best tools, the community will build the best ecosystem
-
Should buy their stocks


Zlomom sa stal boľševický prevrat v Rusku v novembri 1917. Ako nástupca niekdajšieho Pruska ho podnietilo Nemecko, ktoré týmto hodlalo vyradiť ruskú cársku armádu z bojov a vrhnúť sa s plnou silou na západný front

-How Can we talk about money when you're giving me threats?

2020-08-22
Sobota

Sausage omelette, raisin bread toasts
Suit fitting.

Ka Wai.
We have discovered a new Indonesian takeaway - so good.x

Perfect nasal apertures - “These are twice as large as they are today,”
-
They all had enormous forward-facing jaws. They had expansive sinus cavities and broad mouths. And, bizarrely, even though none of the ancient people ever flossed, or brushed, or saw a dentist, they all had straight teeth.
-
Wider airways - no respiratory problems - snoring, asthma
Modern skills - mouth behind forehead, jaws back. All show (even ancient) show some degree of crooked teeth

Why do we evolve to make us sick?
Evolution is as change, not mecessarily aprogress. Change for good or bad.
We are changing in ways that have nothing to do with survival of the fittest.
We are adopting and passing by traits detrimental to our health - back aches, feet hurt, bones, breathing poorly

Homo habilis - savannas  of eastern Africa- left tres, walks on legs, builds tools from stones for hunting sharp enough to cut meat
Tenderising meat, grilling  meat - saves effort for suggestions - saved energy grows brains

Homo erectus- brain bigger twice. Growing g brain took space from airways and mouth. Muscles in the centre of the face listened, jaws thickened. and protruding nose. Vertically positioned nose less effective at filtering hair - exposing to bacteria.
The more we cooked, the bigger brains, the tighter airways

Homo sapiens - in cold climate - long and vertical nose to efficiently heat up the air before it entered the lungs. Lighter skin to absorb more sunshine for vitamin D production
Warmer climate - wider and flatter nose - more efficient do inhaling hot and humid air. Dark skin to protect from sun
Higher larynx - hlasivky - top of the throat - communication. At the back of the mouth aowing woder range re vocalisations amd volumes. smaller lips easier to manipulate

My ability to learn has improved after I tried breathing excercices
Idea is simple - just bring as much oxygen to the brain as possible

Ka Wai
Relationship principles:
-i dont want sinple thibfs become complicated.
Paying bills make a happy wife.c
—
I want you to feel secured
I want to reassure you on my commitment
--
In our relationship I am looking for support, she's for security.
I can make her feel secured if she makes me feel supported.

I make machines more empathetic 

I like solving problems and creating something new.
I have worked with teams in unicorn company and angel startups
I have built many ideas


Linkedin profile
-dont do anything fancy, just talk like you talk to friends
Pathship - i spent 3 years building product no one wanted. Tgis is what i learned
Freelancing - this is what I learned
Closer
Foundlost - problem and empathy: for most people vacationing means - dining, shopping. Simply - taking a break and doing nothing.
At Fondlost, we make expeditions, which are opposite of that - they are purposeful.
They are hard.
We build community of explorers. We show our members that explorations not for superheroes
...
Lalamove - is a Hong Kong based global company which builds products for on demand logistics.
This is what I saw, learned - when I joimed
I was influenced by leaders from Amszon Walt Disney from whom I truly understand what my role is.
I genuinely cared about problems of customers. I started finding how to express what I saw in the emapthetic way
I learned it's a waste ofmy time if I solve an isolated problem
I started to think big.
I started to think how we can use technology to solve problems of our customers
I wasn't afraid to go beyond description of my job and pickup skills that were needed to solve a problem.
I started asking why.
I believe that even complex solution can look stupid simple

2020-08-23
Nedela

Raňajky Taiwanese butter cake - pancakes
Káva s mliekom

Appartmenthunting
Sol City
One Regent

Martin Šebeňa
Po hikeu prišiel do Yuen Long
Pandemicke pivo v parku
Appartment hunting
- Don't go less than 500 / tu gchung 15-16
- Zdenek ako architekt a človek čo nemá štúdia ich spucoval aj za konštrukciu budovy a rozvody

- Shared walls
- Bathroom, kitchen condition
- Overall location
- Alternatives - we can live at x for n
- Facility availabilities
- Furniture
- Layout
- Overall condition - walls,...cosy´ts for improvements, equipment
You cannot charge that much
2. What do you offer

Landlords have many options. Demand is very strong
Find landlord who has no time

Talked about Wuhan flu, 721, hk gov, kayaking

- You won't get a good deal if you are kind. Make conflict, get estate guy on your side
- I appreciate effort, but I cannot pay so much for this

2020-08-24

My role is to make complex things simple. How can someone bleive me if I can even explain in a simple way?

My leadership principles
1. Empathy is your most essential tool - bring point of view of customer to the discussions. update your perspective when you find new evidence
2. Plan to win the war, not just battle - think for long value. War and battle are two different objectives, very often require different preparation. You would be a bad commander if you cared only for your next step. See a bigger picture
3. Think big - your time is wasted if you care about isolated solutions. 
4. Avoid the problems - solve them at their root causes. When you see problem, find why it exists and where it comes from. Then you can fix the problem by making it irrelevant
5. Become comfortable with discomfort - hunt those situations. That's where greatest things happen
6. Dont make simple things complex

Excercises
Used nose breathing only - still amazed what a difference it was
Didn't open mouth at all - first I thought I will suffocate
I finished my portion and was feeling great - no shortage of breath, heartbeat in normal
I was feeling I am just starting.
I broke my life-time record, don't feel tired!
At some sets my performance went up to 50 percent

When someone tells me something, my brain acts like auto-suggest for LinkedIn messages and offers me to reply - thank you, no problem, no worries.
That's 95 percent of my answers to anything

CH
Hovorí, že narodeninové nideo, ktoré som mu nahral, ho potešilo
- I saw his reaction

2020-08-25
Utorok.

Jeden cukrár pár stoviek rokov späť vyrábal torty, ale zostalo mu málo cesta a plnky, tak vytvoril malý koláčik pasticciotto, ktorý sa následne stal veľkým hitom v mestečku a následne aj v celom regióne.

Grab talk.
Didn't enjoy this session as much as last time.
I thought I will hear some timeless lessons learnt from crisis time.
Instead, the discussion was mostly about talking about their features.
However, funny thing is if you get two VPs talk about how they execute, they water competing against each other - they try to express yhemsels´ves in the fanciest way and catch each other for words.
There was many moments like
-we do x
-we do x and y
-we also do y

2020-08-26

"Mám kolegu, čo odmieta SMS, emaily atď.
S tými, celkom si píše, tak si na nejakom serveri editujú texťák.
Že to je jediné bezpečné."

Ka Wai.
Bills
I offered to cover those expenses because it's a little I can do compared to how you have helped me
-
Lotso Sivak, will fišky take a good care for us?
Yes, šašak
-
Always discuss problems, no matter how embarrassing, stupid or incorrect your thoughts are. Don't hide them- take the discussion to another level.
-
She always dreamed of moving out. Since her relationship with other was getting worse. She is negative a ND produce a lot of noise. Causes anxiety and depression.
-
Father said it's uncertain.
Not his priority
Now he's travelling in China. But can come for the wedding.x

2020-08-28
Foundlost
New project
-atomic unit toindividual
-optimise fragmented resources - make outdoor planning easier
-include individual - not only about us - what we have for you, also share your trips
-we are sharing your expertise - over time this gives us permission to organise trips
-sharing expertise and competing for attention with everyone on platform.

Never give financial advice.
If they make money you won't get a cut.
If they lose money, you will get blame.

I need more than 24 hours per day.
No, you don't.

It's been a week. Should I drink whiskey or beer?
Face your problems

Tell someone who is angry that they have right to be angry.
Don't tell them to cam down.

Ľudia, čo vedia rozprávať niekolkymi jazykmi, sa väčšinou nepokladájú za nadpriemerne talentovaných.
To, čo jedným trvá roky, oni zvládnu za mesiacov preto, lebo si dokážu nájsť 4 základné elementy
-nadsenie - vytvára motiváciu, pocit z toho, keď získavať nové možnosti vyjadrovania, rozumieť vtipom v inom jazyku, vedieť spievať, pozerať filmy,...
-proces - využiť čas na čo najväčší postup. Mať vlastné metódy, ktoré zaberajú
-vytrvalost
Veľa ludi sa pokúšalo učiť jazyk roky. Keď si najskôr svoje spôsobí, zvládli to za pár mesiacov

Finančný systém je nastavený tak, že sporiť je nevýhodné. Inflácia uberá peniaze o hodnotu.
Sú len dve možnosti ako z nich vyťažiť čo najviac hodnoty
-minúť ich - čím sa rozpumpuje ekonomika
-investovať ich - čím sa zvýši ich hodnota

2020-08-29
Sobota

Ka Wai.
-When will you return mask? Pinpini asked me. He really loves it.x
-
-You made me upset this morning,...it was wasted time to scold you.
-You invested into quality of our relationship
(Being direct)
-
Potvrdili sme termín svadby. 2020-11-29 14:15
Zabojovali sme fotografa
-
- Sľúbil som, že budem v týchto veciach aktívnejší. Nemôže byť všetko na jej pleciach 
- 
Mattia
Minimum viable audience
You want them to get to another level
Pro trader
Pro beginner
Doesn't know how to start
Understands basics
No knowledge
- You can be honest to them and tell - this is what I think you are - families that
Build a path
-
You can become profitable on long run if you understand how financial system works
Those who do are millionaires
-
For that you need to master some knowledge and develop some soft skills (analytical, spacial, control actions, separate emotions)
-

*Solve problems by abstracting them.*
You will be given complex situations with many variables - use Occam's razor
See where people are and where they need to get
Then build the path

2020-08-31
Nedeľa.

Café affogato
Rajčiny šalát - krutóny, orechy, syr, bazalka, makadamovy olej

Investment at high I flatiron
Bonds
Not all bonds have fixed interest
Look for inflation-indexed bonds(inflation-protected)
Fixed bonds will be hammered
*Stocks*
focus on companies that can pass their rising product costs to customers, such as those in the consumer staples sector.
Commodities
-diversify portfolio
-preserve it's worth
-however, increase exposure to risk
There are no guarantees. Traditional inflation hedges don’t always work, and *unique economic conditions* sometimes deliver *excellent results to surprising assets* while leaving what seemed to be sure winners trailing in the dust.
-
However, the inflation tail should never wag the investment dog. If you have specific goals or timetables for your investment plan, don't swerve from them
*An obsession with inflation should never get you out of your risk-tolerance comfort zone*.

/I have no issue with you but your choice doesn't agree with me/

2020-08-31
Pondelok.

Llm
Obed so Suki v Mcdonalde
New guys in the office- Luke and Bevis

Cooked eggplant tomato orecchiente for lunch. Will eat with a lot of cheese