# September
2020-09-01
Utorok.

Used my teapot to make "Islamic coffee"
Extracted the best taste from the powder I habe
Moka pot is not a good one for mod-sized grounds.

Most people are reactional - they solve problems when they become painful.
In my mtr station, in the beginning of the month there are long lines waiting to buy a monthly pass. 
I bought my pass yesterday when no one else was there.
It doesn't take much effort to be proactive - yet many fail to do that and their soly´utions are more costly.

Instead of giving you a steady drip of encouragement or setbacks, games and gamified services scatter rewards on a randomized schedule — often enough to keep you interested and random enough that you can never quite find the pattern that would make it boring.

Control emotions
Don't force them out.
Instead become aware what situation causes what reaction and why

Llm
I started learning tableau and once I can build simple dashboards I feel like magician

Sol city
Feeling the most comfortable and layout is almost perfect for our needs
We researched the location and we really like
Price 13337
I know it's less but we cannot do more.
I know it's brand new and it's worth of more we can do 
I offer my promise of being a good tenant- A good tenant - 5 years, never late, kept landlords property in good condition.x
-
Thank you for discussing us with landlord.
We really like Sol City and I think it's location makes it perfectly positioned in Yuen Long.
We made research about the flat and four some issues with layout of J flts in Tower 2. We can pay 13.337hkd per month.
I know it's less than landlord asks and the apartment is brand-new
We are Keen to visit 


Approach problem with bad regulation
Make no attempt to understand the issues
Shout down criticism with blusters and insults
Ignore long list of unintended consequences

I have cold. I will work from home today

2020-09-02
Wfh - recovering from cold

Forex
Looking very bullish
Looking to buy on short term
Waiting for price action signal to comfirm entry on daily and 4h timeframe

Apartment
Apologize for late message yesterday. Thank you for being open. 
If you share more details about places you'd like to show us, we can help you better plan the visits with Co sideration to your time and time of landlord.

Llm 
why logistics
-
I come from small town. Advantage is, almost everything is in walkable distance.
However, when you need to get up somewhere in a more convenient way, you need to have a list of phone numbers of taxi drivers and call them one by one and try to schedule a ride.
-
What llm is doing, we are solving similar type of prr´oblem. Whether you have business or not, there is always a need to move things from one place to another. The solution we offer is much simple and cheap compared to other option you have.
-
They way we work, we observe how people work (customers or internal staff) and we ask - what if we could simify task for you so it didn't take 90, 75, 50 percent of the time, but you didn't need to do it at all!
If you are CS, what if you couldn't monitor the orders. 
The only way is through building machines that understand objectives of people. We are able to build machines that Problems get solved in shorter time and considering more information, and with better results
This doesn't mean we won't people.
This makes us needed more than ever before.
We will always be needed for giving w´empathy to users and solving specific but meaningful problems where our technology isn't good at.
We will solve problems we can't see now or cannot focus on now. 
Our work will transition from fixing problems to building relationships with customers and our jobs will become more creative and more meaningful than they are now.
At product, we are here to make it happen. Obviously, this cannot happen overnight, but with careful planning and executing step by step, we will get there.

When there is Coke vending machine - the question is do I want a Coke or not?
When there are two machines - Coke and Pepsi - the first wˇquestion is do I want Coke or Pepsi
That's why restaurants are successful if they are located in clusters
It is counyer-intuotive, but having competitors side by side increases sales for both

Act like you can handle any situation. Fake it until you get it.

Create career plan for the next 10 years - where do you see yourself?
Be ambitious, think big, divide work into smaller chunks.

When Snap launched, there were infinite way to share images, but Snap asked a bunch of weird questions that no-one had really asked before. Why do you have to press the camera button - why doesn’t the app open /in/ the camera? Why are you saving your messages - isn’t that like saving all your phone calls? Fundamentally, Snap asked ‘why, exactly, are you sending a picture? What is the underlying social purpose?’ You’re not really sending someone a sheet of pixels - you’re communicating. 
That’s the question Zoom and all its competitors haven’t really asked. Zoom has done a good job of asking why it was hard to get into a call, but it hasn’t asked why you’re in the call in the first place. Why, exactly, are you sending someone a video stream and watching another one? Why am I looking at a grid of little thumbnails of faces? Is that the purpose of this moment? What is the ‘mute’ button for - background noise, or so I can talk to someone else, or is it so I can turn it off to raise my hand? What social purpose is ‘mute’ actually serving? What is screen-sharing /for/? What other questions could one ask? And so if Zoom is the Dropbox or Skype of video, we are waiting for the Snap, Clubhouse and Yo. 

Mattia
Not about what you want to see end them - question is why they care?
-none of us is an authority in field
-resources are everywhere. How you want to present 
-what we have that no one is does?
-how do you want to identify adopters? 
-why should I open your insta-pills?
They will tell you what they want, not why
-dont look at content - that can be copied

Llm
Special requests
I was asking why driver needs to see them
Came up with: categories and helper texts
-any driver should understand every single one. If not there is a problem
-simple solution is bad if makes users confused
-needs to be a review process controlled by product, because product owns user experience. When it causes problem, it's a problem of product
Selecting owns customer relationship
-special requests are harder to complete - work with presentation - *driver who collects requests builds mastery in area*
Special requests are more than pieces of info to read

-How do you like it?
-its good.
-You should have told me you like it very much.
-I like it vet´ry much.
-Its too late.
-When will be a good time again?

Investing
Always have free cash - gives flexibility

2020-09-04
Piatok

Tech company - using software to enter industry

Chinese companies - result driven
Western - care about result and process

Then as now, their thinking was characterised by an idealised view of the past, a shallow and un-reflective historical appreciation, no talent for strategy whatsoever, but a strong emotional passion for their cause

2020-09-05
Sobota.

I have a cold whole week.
This week it's serious, my nose is congested and I keep sneezing. I need to blow my nose almost every minute. My nose is getting red from that and painful.
I tried a breathing excercises any my nose relieved in 10 mins.
The point is to breath less. Take deep nasal breaths and hold them for around 20s.
It may be a bit uncomfortable, but no, this won't lead to suffocation - our body uses not 25 percent of oxygen it breaths. Each breath generated energy in our body and this forces it to use oxygen more efficiently. That's what athletes do to reach the best performance.

Now I can feel much better and I am in better mood as well. Such an improvement caused by such a small change

2020-09-07
Sobota.

Ka Wai.
Šaš si skúša šaty.
Ja som si prevzal oblek.
Prechádzky po HK Islande.
Dumplings in soup

Up to that point my life had been comformist
High School, University, job.
But I knew business is messy, life is messy too.
I needed to mess p, get outso´ide the box
I've tried to maintain that mentality ever since then
I trusted my gut witha decision most found risky
But I knew I could always return to previous job and back to parents
I decided to take a shot, never looked back

2020-09-07
Nedela

Morning walk to industrial area in Yuen Long, where a few estates are in which we are interested to live.
Offers a lot of parks and cycling areas and it's quiet.
Sipping coffee while watching sunset over the river
Bolo by to Ako bývať pri Váhu

Giving green light to Parkview.
Although the estates was built 20years ago, looks like it was finished yesterday. Unlike some estates in Yuen Long which are brand new and look like there's had been finished before 20 years.
Parkview has back entrance which makes it convenient to reach other part of the town
Shops are in walking distance and there is some restaurants nearby offering basic hongkongese fast-food. For a better food you need to walk a bit more

Whole area is bike-friendly and is located closely to calming nature.
Other estates located in the town cannot offer that. There is nothing close you can go if you are looking for something else than shopping.

Area has airport bus stop. Amazing. Connected with the world

Stages of entreprener
Innovator - create
Remixer - make work
Scaler - make bigger
Optimizer - fix margins and processes
--
Many stop here
Then you should repeat the cycle
Destroy the product you have made

Hi twiggy,
Thank you for helping us to fond the best place to live and we really appreciate the effort and patience you are putting into this.
We understand landlords position, but we cannot accept his offer for yearly payment because we are not familiar with the location.
However we really like the apartment and we are keen to offer to budle payments into quarterly installments and our promise of being good tenants.
We would like to propose this offer to landlord.

Hi Darren, we would like to add Yoho Town to our focus.
We think we can find apartments fitting to our budget in a good quality:
-well-maintained
-2 bedrooms, balcony is preferred, but not a must
-price below 14k


Pondelok.

It's a beautiful raimy morning.
I am very glad I don't need to stay outside

Darren.
Night visit - Yoho Parkview and Yuccie - laisi
You are trying your best quality for price we can afford. and 
Besides quality we are looking for something that makes us feel great about particular place we enter. So far we have felt the most of such feeling at R88
However the price is more than we can offer. Our Target is at 12800,

Utorok

Ka Wai.

-Did you want to kiss me?
-No.


-I'm sorry.
-You shouldn't say sorry snailko. Instead I say I like strawberries. When šašak asks me how do you feel lotso Sivak, I say I like strawberries.x

2020-09-09
Streda

Llm.
Performance review s Joelom.
Možno v llm skončím.
Spravil som chyby ale myslím si že mám svoje zásady a metódy ktoré sa nehodia do práce tímu
Ak odídem, možno to bude najlepšia vec, čo sa mi mohla stať.x

Yesterday I saw a tweet trending on design Twitter - Have a courage to be disliked.
I told myself: oh, such romantic!
Next day I found myself in the same situation - my manager wanted to review my performance. 
Some people love working with me, some dislike

Schedule two calls
1-review how I am doing, what I am struggling with, figure out how you can help me. In 2w
2-review overall progress in month. See if it makes sense to continue. In 4w
I will take my 15 days of annual leave and find a culture that fits my principles and methods

Hi Ricky, I need to shorten my belt for making it look great on the new suit. I know it's a simple thing, but I cannot do it at home with the tools I have. Can I come over to bring the belt to you?

Na mŕtvom. Bode
Product busy
Alistair not incentive to do his own research to support that
- I needed to raised the stakes - start talking about hat

Seniority doesn't play role
Everybody sees themselves as senior when you ask them.
What skill set are you looking for?

People may be good at narrow focus- give them task-what you need and they execute it very well
Or you can try too see things from bigger perspective - ask why things you are asked on matter and how to make it better
What to work on (find the right things) fvs Get the job done
-
We are entering the page where software and designs will be generated by machines.
Machines will be able to automate how to get things done - you will need someone to tell machine what's the problem
In past you needed someone who spoke the lamgi´uage of machines
As machines are more advanced, you can use your natural language, what opens them up to more people

Llm testament
It's pleasure to be part of the team changing how cities function. I will always value working with smart people, being confronted with different perspectives and travelling to places where I normally wouldn't get and learning about life of people indifferent parts of the world
I think on-demand logistics will be seen as one of the greatest inventions of 21-st century and I am honored for being part of it.

Llm
Uvedomil som si, že Číňania sú zameraní na rýchlosť a výsledky.
-
Spav to rýchlo a dobre - jediné na čom záleží
-
Don't overthink. You are losing time
-
Dlhodobo sa tam nevidím. 
Dizajn je súčasťou stroja. Nerozmýšľa. Robí. Hlavne rýchlo a dobre
-
All sounds ok but I don't feel comfortable in that - no one truly cares about customer. Company's goals matter. 
-
As long as problem of customer is a problem of company then it's worth solving. 
Sounds ok but why Ibelieve it's wrong:
As hotel, you may have strict cancellation policies - this reduce your loses and you can say you force people to plan their stays better.
If you listened to them, you would hear that they cancel in the middle of tough personal moments and strict rules make their situation even tougher.
By showing trust you would find, gains from solving their problems prevail losses from low barrier to cancel
-
I think: Fast results mentality conflicts  with long term planning: Plan to win the war, not just a battle
-
Culture
Gives me room to improve small things,  but bigger things will come from higher mannagement.
-
I want to move myself from execution to planning. Design skills will become advantage
.
We are entering age where software will be designed and written by machines. Executioner's won't be needed
This is only way for me to offer value on long run-
-
Job ma limituje - from think long term, set ambitions goal, care of customer
To: narrow focus, execute next step


Konečne som pochopil o čom je kultúra v Llm.
To, že som sa dostal do problémov je dôsledok toho, že nepasujem do nej. Nikto sa so mnou nebaví, nikto so mnou nechce pracovať.
Performance monitoring s tým nič nemá. Ďalší zo symptómov.
Dlhodobo to takto nejde. Buď si zvyknem alebo odídem.

Je to ako byť maliarom. Naokraji spoločnosti, topiť sa v alkohole.
Robiť prácu, proti ktorej sa ľudia búria.

Pritom v mojom prípade stačí len zmeniť prostredie.

Necítim podporu pre moju prácu - odišiel Jesus, bol pri mne Kogi. Po Kogim je so mnou len Mattia, ktorý vidí veci ako ja.

Dôraz na exekúciu. Rob a hlavne rob rýchlo.
Keď ľudia vidia že robíš, všetko je ok.
-fokus na prácu motivuje vyberať si jednoduché úlohy, ktoré sa dajú zvládnuť

Mentalita.
Radšej fixneme 100 malých veci ako jednu obrovskú.
Rozdiel je, že tej obrovskej sa všetci na svete vyhýbajú.
Nerobíš nič iné ako ostatní. Tvoj produkt bude prinajlepšom rovnaký ako ostatné.

100 malých veci ťa posunie dopredu, ale dá ti to len krátkodobú výhodu. keď niekto spraví tú veľkú, tak ťa preskočí

Prečo som sa nerozhodol skorej?
I believed in mission. I was excited about work. I knew things are changing, people I respect are leaving but I wanted to stay until I crash - to tell myself I tried my best.
Like a pilot of broken plane refusing to parachute.
When things started changing, I tried to protect at least a small universe were things work as I like. I found it can't work.

Now I know product will never have any authority in such environment.
Product will be business driven, not by customers

Charles odchádza z Lalamove po 5 rokoch. Narodil sa mu syn pred pár dňami.
Má tri možnosti. Join securef job, start a company, join friends company
-
Mal som s ním dobrý kec

Vždy si naplánuj ďalší krok. Rob market research popri jobe.

Keď to tam quitneš, musíš mať na stole aspoň jednu ponuku, ktorá to prekoná

Nastavil som si cieľ - do decembra byť v novom jobe.
Na HR outreach zadakujem a úctivo uvítame spoluprácu. No zároveň sa spýtam, čo ich na mne zaujíma a s akými firmami pracujú

Highlight
Rozhovor s Derekom - kašli na veľké veci. Sústrediť sa na to, čo vieš zmeniť.
Joel - ide mi o výsledky. 

Za Jesusa sa polovica času vyhradila práve na podobné veľké veci
Mohol si byť ktokoľvek, keď si prišiel s dobrým nápadom tak sme ti pomohli. Mal si prístup ku všetkým zdrojom, ktoré firma mala - to bolo niečo čo ma super motivovalo.
Sprav research, product za nami a ak je tvoj nápad dosť dobrý pomôžeme ti.
Combat unit - the most needed skill is upfront
You are expected to act as leader
Job is described as solving problems
-
Teraz: máš svoje miesto. Rob svoju prácu
Military unit
-execution driven company
-you are here do do your job. Not interested in anything else you want to offer

Malé veci sa ľahko zmenia. Čím väčšie, tým viac budem narážať na strop.

Musím si pohovoriť s Alistairom.
-je to problém ktorý má zmysel riešiť.
-ludia sú nadšení, v tíme mi podpora chýba
-nedokazem to bez podpory v tíme,
-ludia sa na mňa pozerajú a pýtajú sa, prečo to robím. Prečo radšej nerobím niečo na čo mám vplyv
-ked tu bol Jesus, bolo by to spravne. Teraz je to zvláštne. Kultúra sa zmenila a moje miesto je inde.
-je to veľká vec. Zasahuje to do veľa časti. Je treba veľa komunikácie
-chxem ti pomôcť, ale nemozem to prezentovať, lebo obchádzam tím.


Hi Twiggy, 
Hope you are having a good week. We would like to see units from
YOHO town
Residence88
One Regent
We are looking for
Well maintained units
Balcony preferable but not must
Price under 14k
Is it possible to arrange visits on Sat afternoon (hope it's still not too late for that)?
Are there any new units coming to the market?

Hi CH
Hope all good and busy. I decided to move on from my job at Lalamove.
It would be amazing if we could work together in near future - just want to let you know I am open to explore that if there is any way. Happy to jump on call to talk on this

2020-09-11
Piatok.

Víza predĺžené.

Llm Townhall
Takto pred rokom - 2x menej orders.
Takto o tri roky: 5 miliónov orders denne
-
-how we can do that better?
They had to upload receipts, we needed to check them. We had people who looked at one by one. 
We built image recognition
-
We are looking for competitive advantage
-lowering margins, we have more orders. In total we make more

Firma priznal že tlačiť na čo najskorší prechod na P1 bola chýba
-
*Exklúzia je chyba - vedie k zlým výsledkom. Robiť veľké rozhodnutia v malom kruhu bez iných stakeholderov*
Rozhodnutia robil Tech tím - kompromisy vyšli draho.
P1 pozastavený. Dôraz na UX a lokálne tímy - akýkoľvek prechod musí mať lepšie výsledky ako starý systém

P1 má brutálne demotivoval.
Tlačilo sa na kompromisy
Dôležitý bol len firemný cieľ a okolo neho sa všetko točilo
-
Derek a Joel mali pravdu
-nemam Fokus
-kecam ale k výsledkom sa nedokážem dostať.:: Snažím sa vyˇysliet akési magické úkony - není treba - mágiu objavia keď budeš *pozorne počúvať, čo od teba ľudia chcú*
Nesnaž sa meniť ich predstavy.
Bol by som omnoho úspešnejší, keby som sa nesnažil vymyslieť nič výnimočné , len počúval čo chcú - bol by soˇ bližšie k výnimočnosti

Moje netafoty daleko nevedu

V skutočnosti som len počúval seba.
Kecy, ziadny pokrok, chabé výsledky, nespokojný klient

Každopádne Lalamove je korporátny dzob. Jednotlivec má v ňom svoje miesto a musí ho rešpektovať.
Nedá sa a je to ťažké budeš počúvať v korporatoch často

Pri vlastných chybách sa nezdržiavaj. A nepreanalyzuj
Čo sa posralo sa posralo.
Nedoser si budúcnosť

Myslím si že problémy sa dajú tak, že sa hľadajú spôsoby, ako im predísť
-fl: messed notion - I proposed to put labels and set rules - no admin is needed
-jesus: stickers - give positive incentives - ask why would driver take it off?
-driver training: crowdsource 

Execution centric - scope is task
Customer centric - scope is a problem
Problem is bigger, more flexibility to be creative
As designer - limited influence; incentive to make pm

I want to work at company which thinks long term - avoids legacy systems
Isn't afraid of solving big problems

Na samotnej exekúcii nemusí byť nič zle.
Vyzerá to tu lepšie ako keď som prišiel.
Teams were scoped, each pm working closely with tech team and fixing their app.
Now PMs work together and there is more communication across tracks.
-execution = delivering value

Major však odmietol taký zásadný rozkaz prijať v ústnej forme od obyčajného vojaka. Poslal preto jedného zo svojich dôstojníkov, aby vydanie rozkazu overil. Až potom Troussures vydal rozkaz vyvesiť biele vlajky.

2020-09-12
Sobota.

Veľa premýšľam nad prácou.
Llm 
Joel
The call you gave me kicked me - in a positive way. I was struggling to get over some challenges.
As a result I was demotivated and my performance got poor which got noticed by team.
You guided me to understand the problems I had and feel good to start the new week.
Thanks again for your call

-p1: o had different views on problems
-p1: compromises - I had problems with many things I needed to work on
-culture - changed over year, had difficulties to fit my flows and methods in,

- Sonia: maybe you know, I had a call with Joel. I want to be transparent with you. 
- Segment webapp user - what volumes they place
- Show these data to Matteo - he works on sth similar. Get his input on right experience - should it be filter-driven?

Hovor s maminkou.
Niekedy ma to tam nebaví. Nepríde mi to zaujímavé. Mám na niektoré veci iný pohlad.
Je to veľké a hierarchicke.
Sú firmy kde to tak neni. Tie mi prídu zaujímavejšie. Sú menej o funkciách. Úlohy neprichádzajú z manažmentu, ale aj hocikto iný môže dostať podporu ak má dobry nápad. Mnoho ľudí je bližšie pri probléme a je to o Tom dať im priestor zrealizovať nápady, ak sú kvalitné 

Alistair
I picked this problem...
We know about edits more than ever
But the research is very weak. Missing more levels between problem and solution - believe what it suggests is a right thing
I cannot do more from my position and it's not a good idea to present to department heads.
I can give ownership to you - from your position it receives more weight
I will be your project and you need to ask for more support 

2020-09-13
Nedeľa

Prechádza po pobreží od Tsuen Wan Po Tuen Mun

Rady od kawai.
-ozvi sa Jesusovi. He was fired for the same primcipial problem. He will understand you and maybe has advice or solution.
-ozvi sa cH. Nepýtaj sa na riešenie. Spýtaj sa na radu.

Joel
He was understanding and dialogue was constructive. I think he is truly trying to help me. Otherwise I would be already fired
Being fired for something what you believe is romantic.
-
- I understand it's challenge for company and everyone
But I couldn't sacrifice my core personal values

To Jesus
This time I want to share you something from my lalajob
Last months were challenging for me. Positive is, in this time I have developed core values and methods that I used to protect interests of customer.
-
The culture has shifted back to focus on execution and Objectives were formed by business. 
Under pressure on speed, quality needed to be compromised more than I was able to accept.
-
My views were clashing and I always tried to offer different perspective and explain why I cannot agree.
Over time, I saw less allies in team and I was dragged into isolation.
However, I was still determined to defend what I believe is right for as long as it will be possible.
-
-
I would like to talk about this story with you

--I found that out priorities are different from customers are asking for for years.
--building a car in month - a bicycle on 4 wheels

Pripravujem sa na dve možnosti
-buď ma v Lalamove vyrazia
-ustojim to a odídem keď budem mať na stole lepšiu možnosť.

Plán mám pre obe možnosti.

Ak ma vyrazia
-budu sa diať veci. Sčúleky uvidíte
-budem robiť všetko preto aby som jedného dňa poslal Joelovi fľašu whiskey s ďakovným listom, že keby to nespravil, nebol by som tam odkiaľ ho pošlem.


By firing me they would gave me an incredible opportunity. But the ball will be on my court. I will have motivation but need to discover it.

Lalamove is building a new model which will destroy the current one.
Draco is building a new routing logic which will allow him to do anything what current legacy system can't

Fl
This is a process where I am not good at - I can do much better work when I am given a validated problem.
-
From previous chats what has stuck in me that it's super hard to discover local guides.
This can be a starting point.
If discoverability is problem, what else makes barriers? Trust? Transparency? Would they be interested if there was something online that helps them become discovered and trusted? How do guides see themselves and what if there was something that makes them seen "more than just guides"? If they could present themselves online, How different this place would it be from tiktok or Instagram? What if they could build their profiles easily by posting what they are passionate about and it's so simple to make a post that they don't realize they are "using " it? 
Is it wrong to assume that guides can get more by giving away first - free sharing - if there is a platform open to people who are looking to what they can offer?
Who else would benefit from this place? Can this place also be used by anyone who wants to look like anadventurer? 
Is there a simpler way to share itineraries than building robust pages? Do itineraries need to be websites?
Can design help to turn raw footage into something desirable?
Is there a need for such network for adventurers? Can we create a place where people want to belong to?
-
-recommedations need to be self-curated by community. There should be 
-posting should be simple. Need to find what's the most important 


Just want to give an idea - I would be really interested to try an adventure network - something that portrays people as explorers, something to post raw moments, and add resources (podcasts, how to)...
Blast it with footage we have and bring more people in.
-give local guides a place to shine - give them a badge of trust (guides cannot be verified by foundlost, but by foundlost trusted community members), give them a place to get discovered - telling their stories
-
Resonate in my discusiion
How hard is to discover local guides
Create a place where that self-curates it's recommendations and helps guides to receive trust and disvoverability
-start with building profiles for guides we can help - we have worked together
-brimg more people in and help them to do the same

2020-09-14
Pondelok

Sometimes I think you would have an easy life if you had no opinions. Just did everything you were told to do.
You wouldn't clash with anyone and you would be liked.

Takeaway
-vertical structures *don't like honest and clear conflicts*
What was the last time you challenged someone?

-conflictbavoiding - as long as it's good it's finished

People with high standards are not popular

Most of the big companies are slow
They run on legacy systems
They are focus on their market and solving their business problems
-
They are far but they avoid toughest problems because they are too robust to solve them. Need communication and don't *want to risk*.

Gain weight - a-proteins
Animal proteins
186g a day
Or
9 eggs per day
Or milk

Ka Wai
Spravila mi večeru - losos, cukina a baklažán
A mala pre mňa kúsok torty - povedala, že to je malá potešenie na problémy v práci.
Od nej a lotsa diváka, ktorý tiež prispel. Trochu.
-he gave 1 dolár. He has his own business
-either his business ispoor or he is stingy.
-he said he will do more on future.x

Closer
Interview with James
-we can go social (interactions with friends) or self journaling
-connection (letters) or depth (threading, labeling)

Podľa mňa to bude nejaká taštička

Kogi
-have you felt any pressure before you left?
-what was you feeling when you decided to resign
-how did you tell them?
-how did you hunt for a new job undercover?
.
Mattia
-i want to have a very open talk with you

Price strategy
-lowerimg price - seen in movies. alienates loyal fans who bought before
-imcrease price. Preorder, jump, another jump, covid discount, ... - better sell 100 copies per 1 than 1 for 100. Gives you 100 promoters and rules are clear that there is no benefit to wait

2020-09-15
Utorok.

Don't be afraid to be different
Being able to be yourself in crowd is courage
Do what you like - for fun

If you don't believe in right things, who else will?

Dear Blake
Thanks for the support and leadership
Merry Christmas
Jesus

Alistair, thank you for chat yesterday-

Ricky, just want to check if you had a chance to look at the photos. No pressure if this is inconvenient to you, I will look for other ways to fix that

2020-09-17
Štvrtok.

Llm.
Zachytáva viac signálov, že tu so mnou dobuducna nerátajú.
Nerátam už ani ja - aktivujem exit plan a začínam rozohrievat Network.

Hi Kiran, I hope you are doing well.
When I first met you you impressed me with your Empathy and you are the first person whom I am reaching out to. 
I have started looking for a new role in product design and for a team driven by vision of customer.
Will you be interested to work with me to find that?

Alex
I am sorry for not getting getting back to you. 
Now I am going through the some struggles but if there is any advice or quick help I can give you I am more than happy to do that

Nase minule kayakovani byl takovy malý junk.
Jen misto curry jsme meli lepenaky a pádlovať jsme museli samy

M
Nice to meet you and sorry for missing your call today. 
Looking forward to speaking with you. Can we call at 12:30?
--
Where is your office?-
I am interested in culture
-described in genuine interest in customer - 
-commited to build great products
-attracted by challenge - the simpler product for customer, more effort to build
-culture similar to leading tech companies - Amazon, apple, Tesla - obsession on great products
Even small teams can have such mindset
-llm great company, but over past year became oriented on results and solving business problem. That's something I can hardly adapt. My methods don't fit there
-
How to recognize - people taking about their market, their business
VS those who get passionate when talking about problems they work on - when talk about what their customer needd
-
This is where I can create value
-
Flatter team, go beyond job
-
Starting date - see how long this process takes - I can sˇtake on freelancing - a few friends have reached out to me

To Bevis
It was a big problem and made me frustrated

Za 9 týždňov mám svadbu

Hovor s Alexom.
Bielorusko, svadba, vlasy,korona.
-reddit je dobré miesto na marketing. Vieš tam nájsť milióny ľudí, ktorých zaujíma, čo robíš

2020-09-18

I am sure I could be a movie star if I can get out of this place

Twiggy
Is there more vacant apartments besides the one you sent me?
-details
-direction, price

2020-09-19
Sobota

Raňajky.sundried tomatoes, dipping cheese bread pancakes into olive oil.x

Jun
-dont work on any research on that
-never was primary activity
-staryed at the moment of structure changes
-melanie came to me and invited me to research PERSONAS
-i picked another problem
Jesus
-what do you think of him - problems of users are different from what we see - delivery experience is not good. We don't hear, we don't track, we don't solve. We look at different metrics
-he gave me a chance to take part in planning. Amazing. 
He
-super narrow focus
Me 
-we worked together, where I am good at, where I am poor


2020-09-20
Nedeľa

Lamma Island

Lotso Sivaks singing can trigger an earthquake.

A guide
Retired
Every weekend sits under the tree, plays guitar and sings
His English is perfect and voice strong.

2020-09-21
Pondelok.

Llm.
Jun is back
-asked to discuss details of the delicate matter.
Has more to do with soft skills than actual work
*What I have learned, that's the methods you use can generate great results with some people but for other may be toxic*
-commujication - asking stupid questions - Mattia Melanie, get them where I want, get their perspective and always find new pieces 
Create context before you give your point
-sometimes people may think you have lack of knowledge about your work

2020-09-22

Utorok.

A kafe taky bylo, takže vše v pořádku

Veľké korporáty sú síce ďaleko, ale robia malé kroky
-pricing, matching, delivery windows, pooling
V startupe udržiavajú tím malý tak dlho ako to ide.
Uč ich robit rýchlo - vštep to dna a nebáť sa výziev

Foundlost
Kamoot
-desktop editing. They have shortcuts, wow. 
Looks like software  in 90s - need training to use it
-hypothesis - reduce accuracy. 
Helps build routes faster, followers won't mind as long as they can identify key elements important to them
outdoor maps 
-route gets more accurate as more people take it

Jun
I wou´d ´ile to tell you about the letter and my plan to show improvement

2020-09-23
Streda

Pohovor s agentom
Zistil som, že pokiaľ mám džob, mám silnú pozíciu. 
-
Keď sa pyta na plat, pridaj aspoň 20 percent
Čiže z 38 aspoň na 43 minimum. Pri rozsachoch každého zaujíma spodná hranica
-
Zaujíma ma - translating vision into experience - what we do on foundlost
Translating polished ideas into ui - don't find it interesting and impactful - my skills can be used in earlier stges

*V tejto firme - nikdy nerob nič bez PM*
-dizajn tu má malú autonomiu

Jun - talk to PM first

Ka Wai
Don't be shy fišky.
Look at my father - he's overconfident and shameless- he always asks - even when it's embarrassing - asks if they offer free dessert in restaurant or gift in jewelry store. He got refused but his success rate is higher than when someone doesn't speak up.
-
Talk to CH, Jesus - don't wait for perfect time. Start discussion before you'll need help

Foundlost
-hovor s Chrisom
-i refocused him to think about end point - how does it look when customer resolves it problems
-no one will come to play around with sliders and toggles in customizing map, think where they want to get
-i had some questions on variants - become meaningful if main pain route is relevant - ignore variants for now - build great page

Foundlost Team - they are all adventurers and self-planners.
Input comes from them

2020-09-24
Štvrtok

Jesus
-sir it's been a while. How are things?
Glad to hear from you. 
At foundlost we started looking into new directions to revaluate our mission. Pandemic put everything on hold and we found some weaknesses in our business model making it hard to take off.
At Lalamove, the job has become complicated for me. I don't feel fitting in and its causing me struggles.
I would like to tell you more

Jesus
-go away from there
That place is not welcoming to design
They have pure grit in their dna

Wow, Ferarri's F1 performance is really poor. 
The fastest way to find them in results is to start reading from bottom.
What happened to them?

Mr. J
Ak k tomu dnu pride, poviem:
-dakujem za vyhadzov

And you assume you have something to offer
Secret shining from you?

Soon you'll know I leave ya
And I'll never look behind
-
Because I was born for purpose 
that crucifies your mind

Krpáčovo - chata tento víkend

Rekurziu máme v práci zakázanú
Lebo si nevieš ošetriť pamäť
Ani keď povieš koľko je n na začiatku?
Nevieš lebo spustenie ďalšej funkcie si aplikuje pamäť.
A na to nemáš dosah.

Shugo - YouTube 5.7k followerov,100k videní mesačne
150eur

J
-would it be a bad idea to catch up on call?
-
Designers work on any problem you give them. Don't question it. - if you ask too much people will not like working with you. You are blocking projects
- I don't trust recruiters - they don't understand what I need. 
- How can we work together?

2020-09-25
Piatok.

Alex podcast
-tech - fascinated how a small group of individuals can make a hi´uge impact on large group of people
-travelling - never attached physically to a space, so you can immerse yourself into different cultures and expose to new experiences
-oqqur - I wanted more than seeing roads on Google maps. I wanted to hear locals
-360 is easy, you don't need any team. I wanted peek of what's outside viewport. Watching youtubers - I windered, who's behind camera, what's their support team - doesn't feel authentic
-tomorrow start business now - I would *look for inefficiencies that would save time, money and get more experiences*
-foundlost - Chris - he has done experience I wouldn't have guts. Whenever he had questions about life he would take challenging trips like crossing Gobi
These are experiences everybody should make at least once in lifetime
This was starting point to foundlost - *help people find experiences that give you purpose and disconnect from the world*

Rooftop drinks
-martin - odhlasim so travly pobyt - nikdy mi nič nedal a máš o argument viac - môžeš povedať že si tu nebol
Doteraz som veci riešil v šedej zóne - návšteva lekára na bratovi kartičku
Vidíš, odhlasim si

SAT test are result of systematic racism - tells you nothing about intelligence
Tell you about income of the family
Same with iq tests - you can get prepared


Sobota.

Jesus blood never failed me yet

Portfolio updated
It's good to share some peeks of what I've been working on in past 2 years

Hovor s Krpáčovom.

2020-09-27
Nedeľa

Ráno - 3 byty
Káva na Sham Shui Po
Shopping
Gym - feeling really great
Vybavené dane

2020-09-28

Pondelok.

Ka Wai.
-Lotso Sivak will be arrested. He's not patriotic enough.x

Hanno
Nápad - ozvať sa Jonnymu
He was positive about my work
Want to explore if there is a way to work together

Foundlost
Idea of Chained Atoms- building complex routes with smallest pieces

Ch
I have something I want to discuss with you. My job in Lalamove has become complicated for me. The culture in company has changed and I feel I don't fit in any more and it's causing me struggles.
I would like to tell you more about this when you are free. I know you're starting your road trip - enjoy the break

Steve Jobs
Marketing is about core values - we live in. Noisy world-you need to be careful what you tell.
Don't talk about gigabytes or why we are better than Microsoft.
Nike honors great atheltes and athletics
Apple believes people who are passionate and crazy enough can change the world.
Think Different

2020-09-29
Utorok.

Ka Wai
-Why do you wear company t-shirt?
-Because I - like - this - company.

People spend 97% of their time optimizing non-critical parts of the process
-sounds common it has become a norm - you can get yourself an advantage
-yet, it's so difficult to understand

Mattia
-lets discuss our project on Sat
Lala
-grit driven, not related to company - kick out
-invent project or explore existing opportunities
-fl, closer

Foundlost Route
-its not about making prototyoe and seeking for approval
-its about understanding problem

Streda

Llm
J
-while improving 1 by UI look for ways to improve 10 Percent by ux
-chyba mi to zmysel. Robíme stroj na peniaze, perfektný produkt alebo niečo masáži tým. Ak je odpoveď stred, nebude to dobrý produkt.
Ak mieria na dobrý produkt, dlhodobo bude z toho aj stroj na penize

-market is shit
-many great designers are doing freelance
-lot of demand, little supply
-your portfolio tells me nothing, below average
-help me understand what's your involvement
Show wireframes, I want to see evolution of your designs

Jesus
-in past days I was more and more determined that lala is not a place for me any more. 
I think they also feel the same and I have developed strong g feeling they will fire me in the next few days. 
I would like to discuss my situation and my options, but no pressure - looking forward to speaking g when it works for you

Lalamove
Keď som sa dozvedel, že ma vyrazia,čo som spravil?
Otvoril som si pivo s data scientist in z Indie, ktorého mi predstavil Mattia
-robit veci, na ktorych záleží

In past 2 months intensity of thoughts I wrote down I to my journal got really high.
I knew I am going through important moment in my life
It was caused by culture in my job and I knew it's not gonna change to better.
There is only one way out



